{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Week 1: Call to Action - Success!\
\
Success can be measured a multitude of ways. It can be measured monetarily, professionally, or spiritually, but to me true success is a combination of everything. That is why I chose Gary Vaynerchuk as my story of success. Gary Vaynerchuk was born in Babruysk, Belarus on November 14, 1975 (Vaynerchuk, n.d.). His family immigrated to the United States and in 1978 they moved to New Jersey, where his father worked at the family\'92s discount liquor store. (Vaynerchuk, n.d.) After college, Gary Vaynerchuk took over the family business and transformed it into a multimillion dollar business, within the span of five years. (Vaynerchuk, n.d.) At that point in his life, Gary Vaynerchuk was financially secure and successful, but he wasn\'92t happy. So Gary Vaynerchuk left behind his very successful career and business in order to follow his dreams. (Vaynerchuk, n.d.)\
Today, Gary Vaynerchuk has become very successful by following his dreams and monetizing what he loves. He is a prolific public speaker, author, entrepreneur, investor, and social media accolade (Vaynerchuk, n.d.). His most notable achievements are that he tours around the country speaking and offering advice based on his own successful life experiences and he is also a bestselling author with over three very successful books under his belt (Vaynerchuk, n.d.). In 2008, he was asked to speak at TED and he said something that struck a chord with me. During that speech he said, \'93There\'92s way too many people right now that are doing stuff they hate\'94 (Vaynerchuk, 2008) and that you need to \'93look yourself in the mirror and ask yourself, what do I want to do every day for the rest of my life?\'94 (Vaynerchuk, 2008). That small phrase made me reevaluate everything in my life.\
A year ago, I was stuck at a monotonous unfulfilling job that I absolutely hated and saw no way out. He inspired me to stop following that trend of negativity and to pursue my dreams. That is what I am doing now, by attending Full Sail. I am \'93continuously hustling\'94 (Vaynerchuk, 2008) to achieve my goals and follow my dreams. At the end of this wonderful experience, I will accomplish something I thought at one point in my life was insurmountable, by turning my dreams into a reality and that is why Gary Vaynerchuk is a success story to me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Citations:
\b0 \
Vaynerchuk, G. (n.d.) Gary Vaynerchuk Builds Businesses. Retrieved February 4, 2016, from https://www.garyvaynerchuk.com/biography/\
Vaynerchuk, G. (2008 September) Gary Vaynerchuk: Do what you love (no excuses!) Retrieved February 4, 2016, from https://www.ted.com/talks/gary_vaynerchuk_do_what_you_love_no_excuses}